(Episode 10)
I'm sorry to trouble you.
It's not,
but I'm not happy to show you what I want to keep hidden.
I'll keep this a secret from Jin Joo.
I don't care if she finds out. It will be hard for you.
When I decided to represent In Ho,
I prepared myself for something like this too.
If you're prepared to get hurt, let's go in.
Please come in.
Ask me anything.
I will answer everything if it can clear In Ho's name.
Even if it's about my weaknesses.
Why did you need a place like this?
I...
needed a place where my family didn't know about.
A place I can completely be alone.
And...
everyone must have had their own reasons.
Did Mi Jung come here often?
The four of us got this place,
but Mi Jung and In Ho did use this penthouse often.
- Ms. Geum. - Yes?
Why don't you go down and ask the residents...
if they remember anything about the night...
of the incident?
- Okay. - Thanks.
You're crueler than I thought you'd be.
You brought Na Ra here.
Would you like a drink?
None for me.
What's your relationship with Yum Mi Jung?
We were just friends.
Friends with benefits?
You must think people should only sleep with their significant others.
Aren't people open-minded about that these days?
As long as there are sparks between them.
It sounds like you were open-minded, and the sparks are strong enough...
to open a high-end wine bar for her.
So what is it that you want to ask me?
Do you believe that I killed Mi Jung?
Someone must have killed her.
My job is to prove my client's innocence.
You trust In Ho.
I haven't known him for long,
but I concluded that he's not the type to have an ulterior motive.
Then do I seem like the type of a person who has one?
I must experience how forthcoming you are from now on.
Let me ask you a question now.
Are you related to Yum Mi Jung's death in any way?
You make jokes too.
You still seem pretty relaxed.
There's no reason for me not to.
If the act was committed in this penthouse,
the owners of this place...
wouldn't be free from the implication of the murder.
In Ho told you more than I thought he would.
What else did you hear about me?
Clients are bound to share any secrets...
with their attorneys to prove their innocence.
I'm coming.
Hello.
Is this a bad time?
No, I was just behind the dirty dishes.
But what is this regarding?
Could you spare me some time if it isn't too much trouble?
Of course.
Were you at home on the night of November 28?
- On November 28? - Yes.
November 28...
I can't remember what I did. Hold on a second.
I think I was at work that day.
Yes, I was. I had a night shift at work that day.
I see.
- Thank you for your time. - Sure.
Okay. Bye.
Hey, be careful with that.
Put it there.
- Hey. Stop it. - Hey.
Hey, hey. Hey, Young.
If you think about it, there isn't a person who never took a bribe.
- He was just down on his luck. - Darn it.
That idiot.
Does anyone know where he lives?
I don't.
Do you?
Then where does he hang out?
I don't know.
How could nobody know where their colleague lives?
This is ridiculous!
What about you?
You were close with him for years. What have you done?
Follow me.
Did you really not know what Dong Bae was doing?
I didn't.
True. If you had known with that temper of yours,
you would've put that punk in his place long ago.
What do you want to do?
I'll meet with him first...
In the past, I could've buried it and said it's just common practice,
but not anymore.
It's a big deal now.
I know.
This is Dong Bae's personal file.
Find him somehow,
and just bring him here even if you break his bones or buy him drinks.
Thanks.
Gosh. Get lost. Scram.
You kids are making my hair turn white.
Is anyone home?
Excuse me.
Is anybody here?
Excuse me!
Who is it?
Hello. Are you Dong Bae's...
mother?
Oh, my.
Hello, ma'am.
I'm Dong Bae's colleague...
I'm his colleague.
Did something happen to Dong Bae?
I just wanted to say hi. I should've come by sooner.
I'm sorry.
Not at all.
Is he doing his job well? Isn't he a nuisance?
Not at all. He is hardworking and polite,
so everyone likes him.
My gosh. Where's my head? Please come inside.
I may be like this due to complications from diabetes,
but I should be a good host.
Thank you. Excuse me.
Sure.
Dong Bae keeps his room clean, doesn't he?
What do you mean?
He doesn't even put away the blanket when he gets up.
I'm always afraid he's just as messy when he's out too.
Then do you clean for him every day?
I should give him a good scolding.
He doesn't live here.
He only comes to visit me every so often.
- I'll take that. - It's okay.
I just sweep and mop the room. That's all.
Okay. I see.
That's right. Is his uncle doing better?
Whose uncle?
I must've been mistaken.
How much can I believe him?
Here. Drink this.
- Sure. Thank you. - No problem.
Why did you keep the gate unlocked?
It broke.
Dong Bae said he'd fix it, but...
I'm sorry for troubling you.
Have you ever visited where Dong Bae lives?
No, not yet.
As you can see, given my condition...
Then you must not know where he lives either.
I know where he lives.
That's a relief.
Was that a bell?
Hello?
Were you sleeping?
Talk.
The train.
What do you mean? Explain.
Can you come to the office now?
I'm in the office now.
It's a train crossing gate.
Listen to this.
My grandmother used to live near a train track,
and I heard this sound whenever the gate came down.
Let's look for a Baikal teal habitat...
near a train crossing.
(Korean Palace)
Don't you have something to say to me?
What idiot just runs without knowing if there is a way out?
Do I need to teach you everything from scratch?
Don't come any closer!
Fine. I won't go closer,
so tell me.
You must've had a reason...
for doing something this huge.
You won't believe me anyway.
Why does it matter whether I believe you or not?
It matters to me!
I'm fine as long as you believe me.
Don't give me that garbage.
What's your deal?
I didn't try to kill Seo Joon Hee!
I know.
You didn't even know what that badge was.
I know, so tell me.
How, and how deep are you involved with Seo Joon Hee's case?
I... I just... Darn it.
Tell me.
I can't tell you. If I do, I'm dead.
Darn it.
At least tell me where Seo Joon Hee is.
Don't come any closer! I'll jump.
Don't make me laugh. If I catch you, you're dead.
Come here while I'm being nice.
You won't come?
You crazy fool.
Dong Bae!
Dong Bae. Why are you doing this to me?
Okay.
It smells like an old bachelor.
This is so troublesome.
[VIU Ver] E10 Return "Tailing"
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
Woo Suk, Sunshine Nursing Home.
There's a Baikal teal habitat by the train crossing in Buseok.
We'll stop for 15 minutes.
I can't even drive because of the injury.
Don't lose him. Stay on his heels.
Call me when you can. Okay.
- Where is he? - On West Coast Highway.
But why are we tailing the detective?
Joon Hee...
might be alive.
Joon Hee is alive?
There's a possibility.
Then...
it means...
I didn't...
kill Joon Hee.
Thank you.
Hey.
Darn you.
Even though you knew that Joon Hee was alive,
you made us push him off the cliff?
You are the one who killed Joon Hee.
You are really a piece of trash.
Hey, Oh Tae Suk.
You're the one who killed Joon Hee.
You're the murderer. You killed Joon Hee.
I'm...
going to Joon Hee. I'm going to go see him.
Did you...
order Mr. Kim to follow the detective...
because you wanted to find Joon Hee?
We must find Joon Hee before he does.
Why is that important now?
He's alive.
Did you forget...
what we did to Joon Hee?
- No, I can't do this. - Joon Hee!
Do you seriously not see...
the problem of this situation we are in?
- What is the problem? - Someone...
switched Joon Hee's body with someone else's.
My gosh, shoot.
- Who? - At first,
I thought someone from our gang, including In Ho, killed Mi Jung.
That's why I decided to bury her.
But what happened next?
The body we buried in the quarry was found in the middle of a road.
So what you're saying...
is that someone...
is watching what we've been doing.
It's more than that.
That person...
is cornering us.
Why?
What have we done wrong?
You got rid of the memory card in the dash cam, right?
No, that...
What about the history in your GPS?
Why? Was I supposed to delete that too?
Seriously.
You crazy jerk. Do you want to sell the car with the history?
Let me check on it now. You little...
I'm sure it's not sold yet. It has not been long on the market.
I said I'll check on it.
Hey, did you sell my car?
It's not that easy to sell.
Who would buy such an expensive car that quickly?
I'm not selling the dash cam and the GPS. Take them out from my car.
I'll pick them up.
No, let me drop them off.
I need to bring back that car you took anyway.
Could you do that then?
Okay.
What an annoying jerk.
He's filthy rich.
Why does he want to take back the dash cam and the GPS?
Let me take them out now.
Rachel from the wine bar is dead.
I don't know the details either.
I only know that he fell off a cliff in Gangwon Province.
You know there was a rumor that something was going on...
between Rachel and the four of them.
So rumors say they killed each other over Rachel too.
He said a cliff in Gangwon Province.
(13 Gyeongchun-eup, Gyeongchun-gun, Gangwon Province)
Gyeongchun in Gangwon Province?
Hey, it's me. Remember the birthday party the other day?
Did Kim Hak Bum come to the club?
Did you not see him or did he not come?
You're not sure if he came or not,
but you don't remember seeing him?
Even me?
What's up with this jerk?
Why did he lie?
He said he won't sell the dash cam either.
(Recording History)
What's this? What's going on?
He deleted the video for December 3?
Look at this. I smell something awful.
It's not just awful. It's reeking. Seriously.
Hey, my friend.
There are...
1,6510,000 millionaires in this world.
Out of them, 28,000 millionaires reside in Korea.
Korea is ranked 13th.
Why are you talking about millionaires out of the blue?
Who knows?
I might be able to become 1 of 28,000 millionaires...
in Korea overnight.
My gosh, forget about having a million dollars.
I hope I can pay back my debt.
Hey, how much is your debt?
Was it 18,000 dollars? Wait a minute.
You just wait. Who knows?
I might be able to pay off your debt.
Wait, it sounds like you are really onto something.
Since this client of mine...
is a professor at a theological college, he's no small-timer.
He's truly incredible.
He has bestowed upon me a blessing.
- Thank you. - Try to make some sense at least.
That's not right. That's not right.
Not now.
I have risked my life for this project.
If I tell you now, I'll face retribution.
Shot.
(Buseok Terminal)
All right. Hello.
Hi.
Where to, sir?
- Go straight for now, sir. - Okay.
- Make a U-turn over there. - Sure.
Look at this punk.
Where are you right now?
At a Baikal teal habitat.
I thought I should start from here.
I'll call if I find anything new.
Okay. Thanks.
Okay.
(Sunshine Nursing Home)
Ms. Choi?
Why are you here?
What...
is your deal?
(Return)
You should've taken good care of it.
Who are you?
I like the look in your eyes.
Should we just let him threaten us?
Check on Joon Hee first.
Leave Joon Hee alone.
What? Have you punks lost your mind? Who gave you orders?
Ma'am! Are you inside?
Two million in cash, right?
Where did things go wrong?
I know. What could the killer be after?